https://codepen.io/Dalton1135/pen/LYGYYpr?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML?
 it is a version of html that explains your tags.
    2. What is HTML used for?
 it is use to create the skeleton of your code.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? a way to select an element in order to style your css.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? title, just one time
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. class, and class$
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? info that is not displayed to the user. 
    7. What is an id? a selector used to select specific elements 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? almost anything that you want to specify more.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1 time
    10. What is a class? a selector that can select more than one element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? almost any element, but it is less specific than id. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? use the target=. 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to describe your image.
    15. How do I reference an id? using the # sign
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. a section is semantic html and a div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? to style your html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page using the .h2 selector
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. a id is more specific than a class is and can only select one element, while a class can be used to select multiple, so you would use a class when needed to select multiple and an id when wanting to be specific.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? use. by using the .class selector.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selector that select all elements that are a direct child, i can make it easier to access things.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selector that selects items that are in specific state, like the hover selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? make the border-style dotted, change the color to black and the border size to 1px. 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? using the universal selector * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? using the $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? using the ls keyword
    33. How do I remove a file via the command  line? Why do I have to be careful with this? using the rm command, because there is no going back when you delete it and it doesnt warn you.
    34. Why should I use version control? the make things easier and avoid merge conflicts.
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 mins or so, or when needed.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin "firstname-lastname"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
first you have to fork the item youre working on, then you add your TL as a collaborator, then you clone the the repo and clone it to the terminal. You must create your own branch, you can then start working on your assignment and summit/save when needed, when done you can push back to github, then you can make a pull request. you must then change the base repository to your forked version and lastly you add your TL as a reviewer.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? an inline doesn't start on a new line and only uses the width that it requires while the block will start on a new line and occupy the width available.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? doesn't exist on a normal document layout, instead it sits on its own layer away from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Flex box
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default ---  block - <nav>, <p>, header inline - input, select inline-block - button.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? a box that wraps around everything. box-sizing:border-box.



   --> 